# StepMyHealth

The exponential rise in obesity and its related diseases has emphasised the necessity for all to remain health conscious. This, coupled with the increasing use of smartphones, has resulted in a surge of popularity amongst health applications, in particular, calorie-tracking mobile applications. Many applications currently available look to dramatically change user behaviour rather than enabling the maintenance of healthy lifestyles. Furthermore, such applications provide various functionalities to allow for the tracking of calorific consumption but go no further in providing suggestions to help users remain within their calorie allowance.

StepMyHealth is an iOS application that enables users to track their daily steps, calories burned and food consumption. StepMyHealth uses the device’s built-in accelerometer to calculate the remaining calorie allowance at a given time automatically. Based on the users’ consumption, StepMyHealth periodically provides suggestions such as food intake ideas and a further number of steps to be taken. StepMyHealth implements motivational gamification elements, the main of which is a leaderboard. The interface design is simplistic to enhance the usability of the application.

The user feedback and evaluation of StepMyHealth has shown that the application does enable users to easily track their calorie consumption, while also increasing motivation through its gamification elements.

Keywords - Mobile Application, iOS, Healthy lifestyle, Calorie Tracking, Suggestions

# Voice Based Email for the Blind

The passing of information, ideas or thought from one end to another is known as communication. The most common form of electronic communication today is Emails due to it being the cheapest and most reliable way of communicating. However, not everyone can access email with ease. A huge population of visually impaired users face usability and accessibility challenges when it comes to sending and receiving emails.

This report describes a voice based email system for the visually impaired. A solution that can make it easier and more efficient for visually impaired users to access and make use of all the email functionalities. It describes the way in which this was achieved by gathering requirements, designing and implementing the application and concluding whether the application developed fulfils the objectives set out for this project.

# Programming By Demonstration Of Human Decision In A Human-Robot Collaborative Sorting Task

This paper proposed a system in ROS for making a pick-and-place using the Universal Robot Arm (UR5), and the system makes the robot being able to learn from human demonstration and perform sorting task using robot visualisation. This paper covers robotic topics, including Programming by Demonstration (PbD), and Human-Robot Collaboration (HRC), where these topics are taking advantage of the computer vision in ROS distribution using OpenCV to capture data from the camera sensor. The robot visualisation applies object identifying and tracking by 2D codes contributed by ARUCO markers. The paper also investigates the task planning and modelling by using Finite State Machine (FSM) in order to perform a human-robot shared task that is oriented by a user’s demonstration. In particular, this paper takes into account of SMACH library of ROS for task planning and task manipulating. Where the challenge of task modelling is making the designed automation for the robot performing complex shared task, and being able to handle different sorting sequence when new user demonstration comes, but always doing the sorting in uniform distributed sequences.

# A tool to retrieve and browse templates of marketing material to help the worldwide charity sector

The project was designed to improve the existing practices of Br&.ish through the implementation of a database system and a back end user interface. The database system will serve as a tool to retrieve and store all the details of their marketing material templates; whereas, the back end user interface will serve as a way to categorise the templates into different categories and also define the template’s information. The main challenge for this project was to produce a final working system that Br&.ish would want to use; so, usability has been identified as an important area to cover.

To meet the project’s aims, background research was performed to see what tools and programming languages will be needed to be employed. Similar systems that provide marketing material templates have also been looked at and evaluated in order to identify any limitations. Such limitations include not having multiple levels of category and subcategory relationships as well as not allowing their users to search templates from a selection of predefined colours. Limitations of these existing systems have been addressed in this project as a way of providing additional benefits to Br&.ish.

This report provided a detailed requirement analysis in order to identify the complete set of requirements from the client. Since the iterative and incremental model was favoured as the software development methodology for this project, the project was divided into smaller increments. In each increment, Br&.ish was actively involved to the design and implementation by providing feedback and suggestions. A major section of this report discussed the design and the implementation of the system’s different functionalities, with any issues that were encountered being highlighted. Afterwards, the system was thoroughly tested to check its robustness and to identify any errors. Part of the testing performed was to test the usability of the system; hence, a questionnaire was sent to Br&.ish to obtain their feedback.

The results from the different testing performed, the evaluation of the requirements and the result that Br&.ish provided in the questionnaire show that the project has been successful; although, further improvements can still be made. In conclusion, this project has provided a way to allow Br&.ish to store their different marketing material templates, which can be browsed by the worldwide charity sector.

# Interactive Query Expansion

One of the main difficulties that users of information retrieval (IR) systems face is how to choose appropriate search terms to express their information need in the form of a query. In order to assist searchers: interactive query expansion (IQE) is a feature provided by IR systems: which involves suggesting to users terms that may be worth adding to their query: searchers can then interactively select some of these terms to expand their initial query. Research has shown that the uptake of IQE is limited: because searchers are unsure as to why expansion terms have been suggested and how they relate to their initial query. Searchers are also unsure as to What effect the selection of some of the expansion terms Will have on the search results.

In this study: we address the second issue by providing searchers with additional information in order to support their expansion decisions. More specifically, we generate summaries of the results that would be retrieved if the searchers selected any combinations of expansion terms to add to their initial query. The summaries are query-biased: and aim to display the context in which the selected query terms would appear in the retrieved results if the searcher was to select the respective expansion terms. We evaluate our approach through user experiments Where we compared our system with a baseline system with no expansion and a system where IQE was provided With no summaries. We investigate whether the query-biased summaries of retrieval results are effective at supporting searchers complete their information seeking tasks. We also focus on difficult and unfamiliar tasks and study whether there is an uptake in the use of suggested expansion terms when searchers reformulate their queries.

The pattern of data collected from our user study suggests that providing users with additional information to predict the effect of suggested expansion terms on their results lead to an increase in the use of expansion terms for query reformulations. We report a 16% increase in the use of suggested expansion terms for query reformulations across all tasks. For unfamiliar tasks, the increase in the use of suggested expansion terms was more noticeable at 35%. Searchers also found that suggested terms were most intuitive When summaries were provided and they understood how to use the terms. There is therefore strong evidence that summaries provide additional support to searchers in making expansion decisions especially for hard and unfamiliar tasks.
