# StepMyHealth

There is an evident problem with the motivation levels amongst users who are looking to track their calorie consumption (Saboia , et al., 2018). Individuals tend to have different calorie related goals. Some are looking to lose weight while others are looking to maintain consistency in their lifestyles. Individuals should first be motivated to achieve these goals and secondly focus their time in actioning changes. However, individuals often lack motivation due to the usage of excessively time-consuming, monotonous and non-user-friendly tracking techniques (Lee, et al., 2006). This absence of motivation means users are less inclined to achieve their desired calorie goals.

# Voice Based Email for the Blind

In current existing systems in order to send and receive emails, users are required to be keyboard literate. This may prove a challenge for users that have become visually impaired later on in their life as they are required to learn keyboard shortcuts and get training on new systems. Such systems focus mainly on text to speech but do not take into consideration speech to text. A major issue with these systems is the fact that there is no form of interactive voice response or audio feedback which provide users the ability to control the application using only their voice. Although the main target audience are visually impaired users, the application is also aimed at being accessible by everyone. Hence, with the goal of being multimodal.

# Programming By Demonstration Of Human Decision In A Human-Robot Collaborative Sorting Task

Robots are currently widespread in our lives and play a vital role in many aspects, especially in industrials and social services. Robots can do better than humans in many jobs with higher accuracy, efficiency, and a lower rate of mistake. For instance, a cleaner robot can repeat its motions constantly to achieve its task. Such robots with complex algorithms would probably never miss cleaning a corner. However, the automation of a robot is costly due to high investments during its development stage. Shifting to the industrial practices, high cost of having robotic automation and the time-consuming of robot re-programming are still making the use of robot applications very narrow having taking consideration of the Smaller and Medium-sized Enterprises (SMEs). SMEs need robots that can use ‘more frequent set-ups and re-programming of their robotic workers to adapt quickly for production of new products or variants of existing ones’ (PricewaterhouseCoopers, 2014). IFR (2019) states that ‘the cost of software and systems integration accounts for between 60 to 75% of the total cost of robot ownership’ (p.11). This paper proposes a solution to increase the efficiency in software development through PbD, making the use of robots uncomplicated in complicated sequential tasks.

# A tool to retrieve and browse templates of marketing material to help the worldwide charity sector

## 2.2 Br&.ish’s Existing Practice and Problems with their Current System

Currently, Br&.ish offers the following type of marketing materials: Brochures, Flyers, Posters, Newsletters, Business Cards and Booklets. The templates are also provided into different sizes such as: A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, A6, A7, 5x3, 4x6, 8.5x11 inches, 13x19 inches, 17x22 inches, 22x34 inches and 34x44 inches.

At present, the designers of Br&.ish are designing marketing material templates on a customer-to- customer basis. Different designers worldwide send their designs through email, which are individually checked by Elliot, being the Creative Director of the company. The marketing material templates that were sent contain dummy images and texts so the team at Br&.ish will be able to see how the template will actually look like. If Elliot likes the template, he will ask for only the background image of the template from the designer and his team at Br&.ish can then edit the acquired template according to what their clients want. The customised templates are sent to their customers who represent the people working in the charity sector. The charity sector can then provide their feedback and may request changes to the template such as text and/or logo positioning. In turn, the clients will decide whether they want Br&.ish to print the marketing material template and deliver it to their company address or have the template sent electronically through email.

This practice had worked for them in the past; however, there are current limitations to their practice. Firstly, their existing practice could be seen as a tedious process between the designers and customers. Response rate from designers and customers may be low which can delay the delivery of the final template. Secondly, since Br&.ish is saving their templates in their computer’s local directory, these templates are prone to being deleted and moved to another directory accidentally. Thirdly, other companies, which also provide marketing material templates, have utilized technology systems and have provided users with a different interaction experience. These companies have allowed users to choose a marketing material template from a collection of different categories online and allow them to edit the parameters of the template such as uploading their own logo and adding text descriptions. In order for Br&.ish to catch up with their competitors, their existing practices must be improved.

## 2.3 Proposal of New System

Br&.ish has proposed the creation of a new system as a means to offer their operators an alternative way of customizing the template and also to offer their customers an alternative way of choosing different marketing material templates for their charity. Therefore, the scope of the proposed system is to design a back end user interface for the operators and a front end user interface for the charity sector. To have a distinction between these two interfaces, Br&.ish has divided the proposal into three individual projects which will be later integrated into a whole working project.

The system in project 1, which is to be developed by Virinder Singh, involves the creation of the front end user interface that will allow the charity sector to select, edit and purchase marketing material templates. The front end user interface must therefore allow different visitors to search the marketing material templates through different categories and also allow them to customise the template in a limited but flexible way. On the other hand, the system in project 3, which is to be developed by Uthayam Kumar, involves the creation of the back end user interface for the Br&.ish operators that will allow them to define the parameters in each template, which will later be customised by the charity sector. Lastly, the system in project 2, which is the system to be developed by the author, is responsible for connecting projects 1 and 3. Project 2 involves the creation of a database system which will allow the system in project 3 to upload and store the defined marketing material templates and will also allow the system in project 1 to display all the templates that were uploaded by the operators. Apart from the database system, project 2 will also involve the creation of the back end user interface to allow operators to categorise the template to different categories and also to allow them to edit the different properties of the template, such as adding or removing keywords, removing them from added categories, or deleting the template itself. The proposal of this new system means that the author will be working closely with Br&.ish, making this a collaborative industrial project. The main contact for this project will be Elliot Cowan. He will provide any criticism and feedback throughout the project development. Apart from Elliot, the author will also work closely with Virinder and Uthayam in order to implement a final working system.

# Interactive Query Expansion


